You know, I was God once.
You mean while I'm sleeping in it? Hi, I'm a naughty nurse, and I really need someone to talk to. $9.95 a minute. Wow! A superpowers drug you can just rub onto your skin? You'd think it would be something you'd have to freebase.

Son, as your lawyer, I declare y'all are in a 12-piece bucket o' trouble. But I done struck you a deal: Five hours of community service cleanin' up that ol' mess you caused. Why am I sticky and naked? Did I miss something fun?

I usually try to keep my sadness pent up inside where it can fester quietly as a mental illness.
File not found. Wow, you got that off the Internet? In my day, the Internet was only used to download pornography. When I was first asked to make a film about my nephew, Hubert Farnsworth, I thought "Why should I?" Then later, Leela made the film. But if I did make it, you can bet there would have been more topless women on motorcycles. Roll film!

You seem malnourished. Are you suffering from intestinal parasites?
Yes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all.
Pansy.
We'll need to have a look inside you with this camera.
It must be wonderful. Ow, my spirit! Michelle, I don't regret this, but I both rue and lament it. Calculon is gonna kill us and it's all everybody else's fault! Hey, what kinda party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker.

Hey, what kinda party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker.
Fry! Quit doing the right thing, you jerk!
Of all the friends I've had… you're the first.
Ooh, name it after me! Son, as your lawyer, I declare y'all are in a 12-piece bucket o' trouble. But I done struck you a deal: Five hours of community service cleanin' up that ol' mess you caused. You can see how I lived before I met you.

You are the last hope of the universe. I didn't ask for a completely reasonable excuse! I asked you to get busy! Just once I'd like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isn't bound and gagged. Moving along…

I had more, but you go ahead. Switzerland is small and neutral! We are more like Germany, ambitious and misunderstood! Moving along… Who said that? SURE you can die! You want to die?! You know the worst thing about being a slave? They make you work, but they don't pay you or let you go.

Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious. As an interesting side note, as a head without a body, I envy the dead. Hello Morbo, how's the family? Ooh, name it after me! I found what I need. And it's not friends, it's things.

I can explain. It's very valuable. When will that be? I found what I need. And it's not friends, it's things. Isn't it true that you have been paid for your testimony?

Noooooo! And until then, I can never die? You're going back for the Countess, aren't you? Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious. Bender?! You stole the atom. Is that a cooking show?

You can see how I lived before I met you. Please, Don-Bot… look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! What kind of a father would I be if I said no? Tell her she looks thin. We'll go deliver this crate like professionals, and then we'll go home.

Say it in Russian! Oh, how I wish I could believe or understand that! There's only one reasonable course of action now: kill Flexo! I was having the most wonderful dream. Except you were there, and you were there, and you were there!

Look, everyone wants to be like Germany, but do we really have the pure strength of 'will'? Ok, we'll go deliver this crate like professionals, and then we'll go ride the bumper cars. Yeah, lots of people did.

I suppose I could part with 'one' and still be feared… Oh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. No, of course not. It was… uh… porno. Yeah, that's it.

It doesn't look so shiny to me. Oh God, what have I done? Kids don't turn rotten just from watching TV. Why yes! Thanks for noticing.
