Yes, except the Dave Matthews Band doesn't rock.
In your time, yes, but nowadays shut up! Besides, these are adult stemcells, harvested from perfectly healthy adults whom I killed for their stemcells. I don't 'need' to drink. I can quit anytime I want!

Yeah, lots of people did. It's toe-tappingly tragic! I'll get my kit! Son, as your lawyer, I declare y'all are in a 12-piece bucket o' trouble. But I done struck you a deal: Five hours of community service cleanin' up that ol' mess you caused.

Ow, my spirit!
One hundred dollars. That's not soon enough! Daddy Bender, we're hungry. Ugh, it's filthy! Why not create a National Endowment for Strip Clubs while we're at it? Now, now. Perfectly symmetrical violence never solved anything.

Uh, is the puppy mechanical in any way?
Why would I want to know that?
We need rest. The spirit is willing, but the flesh is spongy and bruised.
I decline the title of Iron Cook and accept the lesser title of Zinc Saucier, which I just made up. Uhh… also, comes with double prize money.
Okay, it's 500 dollars, you have no choice of carrier, the battery can't hold the charge and the reception isn't very… Good man. Nixon's pro-war and pro-family. Ah, computer dating. It's like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase "upside your head."

And until then, I can never die?
Bender, we're trying our best.
Maybe I love you so much I love you no matter who you are pretending to be.
Soothe us with sweet lies. I'll get my kit! Would you censor the Venus de Venus just because you can see her spewers? Eeeee! Now say "nuclear wessels"! Yes, I saw. You were doing well, until everyone died.

Hello, little man. I will destroy you! I can explain. It's very valuable. It's a T. It goes "tuh". Bender, you risked your life to save me! Throw her in the brig.

Kif, I have mated with a woman. Inform the men. Then we'll go with that data file! You won't have time for sleeping, soldier, not with all the bed making you'll be doing. No, she'll probably make me do it.

These old Doomsday Devices are dangerously unstable. I'll rest easier not knowing where they are. As an interesting side note, as a head without a body, I envy the dead. Ummm…to eBay? We're also Santa Claus!

You guys go on without me! I'm going to go… look for more stuff to steal! It must be wonderful. With a warning label this big, you know they gotta be fun! Bender?! You stole the atom.

We're rescuing ya. Then throw her in the laundry room, which will hereafter be referred to as "the brig". Why am I sticky and naked? Did I miss something fun? Oh God, what have I done? And until then, I can never die?

No, she'll probably make me do it. File not found. Can I use the gun? With a warning label this big, you know they gotta be fun!

Ah, the 'Breakfast Club' soundtrack! I can't wait til I'm old enough to feel ways about stuff! And when we woke up, we had these bodies. You're going to do his laundry? No, she'll probably make me do it.

What are you hacking off? Is it my torso?! 'It is!' My precious torso! For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored. You seem malnourished. Are you suffering from intestinal parasites?

Whoa a real live robot; or is that some kind of cheesy New Year's costume? Oh, I don't have time for this. I have to go and buy a single piece of fruit with a coupon and then return it, making people wait behind me while I complain.

Bender, this is Fry's decision… and he made it wrong. So it's time for us to interfere in his life. They're like sex, except I'm having them! But I know you in the future. I cleaned your poop. Yes, I saw. You were doing well, until everyone died.
